To apathy:Call me crazy, but I still don't see any evolution in the peppered moths!! We had light and dark moths before the industrial revolution, we now still have light and dark moths. The only thing that has changed is the population ratio, assumably by *natural selection*. Natural selection is not proof of evolution by any means. Creationists recognise it and accept it as it goes in nicely with the creationary model. Natural selection is basically the death of a particular type of animal if they are unsuited to the environment. In a given environment (e.g. a very cold region), some (e.g. the long-haired dogs) will be more likely to survive, and so pass on their information, than others. Natural selection can favour some sets of information above others, and can eliminate some of the existing information in the population, but it can't create any new information. An example, consider the cold environment mentioned above. We take a population of both long, short and medium, haired dogs to this environment. Over time, very short time, the population will only consist of the long haired dogs as the short and medium haired dogs would freeze and be wiped out by the cold conditions. So, as a result, the population as a whole has lost the information for making short haired dogs and has not gained any new information. What did we have when we first took the dogs to the environment? Dogs (varying in hair sizes). What did we get after a short amount of time? Dogs (only the long hair size). There is no evolution occuring here, we had dogs before, dogs after. The only difference is that the gene for making short hair has been eradicated from the population by natural selection -- that is it. This is the essense of natural selection - and goes in nicely with the Biblical account of our origins, i.e. variation within a kind and that kind's have the ability to only lose information - not gain it.So even if the peppered moth case was really true, and not a fraud, it still would not be evidence for evolution as opposed to creation. Anyone who says other wise, does not really know what they are talking about unless new genetic information is somehow being added to the moth's total DNA content, i.e. their genome, in which case you might have a point.Would any creationists like to challenge anything about this article or the concept? His method appears to be good, i.e. using observations and experimental data, as well as repeatability. He is using the scientific method (in reverse as he is collecting the observations and experimental data and then will draw a conclusion based on the evidence and possibly his own bias. This is yet to be determined, however. Can you keep us informed of his progress?