i'm not exactly sure your point with this article. was it merely to show that pro-choice groups exaggerate claims? that they use emotional rhetoric to sway people to their side? trust me, you have told me nothing new. in fact, i am somewhat amused that you pointed this out, given that pro-life groups are guilty of all this and more. it said: although the thought of finding a deceased young woman with a bloody coat hanger dangling between her legs is -- to say the least -- unpleasant, powerful and emotionally charged rhetoric does not a good argument make . i almost peed myself laughing when i read this. whatever powerful, emotional images you believe pro-choice are guilty of, pro-life groups are many times worse. what is the mental image of a deceased young woman compared to the physical picture of bloody aborted fetus'? i have seen pro-life groups holding huge posters outside high-schools, and pro-life groups hold them up in front of clinics. how much do you want to bet that the fellow here would defend one while attacking the other? the article speaks of fallacies yet fails to mention the statement of 'abortion is wrong because it's murder!' that pro-life people seem very fond of. this is the exact fallacy the article mentions, using an unproven point (abortion is murder) to hold up an unproven point (abortion is wrong). i point this out not to absolve pro-choice groups of guilt, but to say: before pointing fingers, make sure your own house is in order. this entire article is also something of a strawman argument as well. the argument that illegal abortions will almost inevitably occur if abortion is banned is not a justification for legal abortions (per se). as i see it, since illegal abortions will almost inevitably occur if abortions are banned, the complaint is that pro-life people would rather see more women hurt (and yes, more women are hurt with illegal abortion than legal) than actually solve the problems with society. to ban abortion and declare the problem solved is extremely irresponsible and does nothing to help society or women.  if you would, chloe, please link to the study the article mentions about the number of illegal abortions? i‰Ûªm amazed they managed to eek out numbers, given that not even the cdc has exact figures since illegal abortions were not tracked. the most compelling evidence i‰Ûªve seen looked at the birth rates for various ethnic groups the years previous to abortion being legal to the years after, corrected for various factors such as better birth control methods. they found little change in the birth rates, indicating the number of abortions most likely did not increase or decrease. yes, i know pro-choice groups mislead with stats and figures. this is nothing new, but i feel it is dishonest to point this out without acknowledging your own groups shortcomings in the same area.