The death penalty assures that an incorragable criminal never has the opportunity to kill anybody else. In prison, the criminal could a) kill another inmate, 2) kill a guard, 3) escape and kill a civilian, 4) have their sentence commuted and get out to commit another crime. Quote:Would you agree if the death penalty was banned?No, for the reasons stated above and one more. Some people don't deserve to live....like SH, for example.__________________True , gang members put in prison often kill other opposing gang members in prison so that is true. They also get put in prison and are proud some of them , gang leaders consider it a mark of honor something some of them getting caught by the 'fuzz' and put in jail. Who are we to decide who is to live? What makes us so much better? Hitler didnt deserve to live but that does not give us the right to kill him.I agree with shooter and proud but hey heres a situation, why don't we give murderers fates to the ones most hurt by their crime, and rapists fates are decided by the ones t hey rape. They would know the best. IF the ones raped are too young such as under maybe 10 or are like seven or its a loved one and they can't seperate justice from love, then the case be decided by law. Give them the chance to live in solitary confinement, give them the chance, we can always take it away. But those killed don't get no more chances. In prison if they do kill put them in confinement. Same with the others, if they are in solitary and they succeed in killing someone else , death penalty then fine. But gang murders should be different, if someone is in jail for killing a gang member in a fight or something like that , it is murder but it isnt as open and as clear justice as it is if they shot a four year old in the head for being related to someone in an opposing gang. Then its wrong flat out, solitary or death penalty. Personally Id be for giving them death penalty for anyone who would do that. But I have two three year old cousins who I love to death and would kill anyone who harmed them so I do not want anyone to get away with killing kids. Child killers are some of the worst criminals there are.