because i said so! lol,... i'm so silly. i just had to post it.  seriously, i decided that i will actually construct my summary online, iangb. if you (or anyone else) cares to, you will be able to watch as i edit and construct my argument. it may be lengthy so keep it in mind that if i have to divide it up, and you post in the interim, i will have to delete this first half and move it to the end. by the way,... other than working some things out in my head,... i don't have anything prepared to post. this will be a work in progress. ... this will take quite a while. (maybe days) i see you are watching, and don't want you thinking this will be developing quickly. i will let you know when i've concluded. --chuz *** note to ian. in my attempt to compile my 'summary' i have realized that i never actually completed my arguments. it's kind of hard to summarize that which hasn't already been presented. so, my sumarization if you will- will now consists of two parts. first my arguments and then my summary.  work in progress; the argument biologically speaking, a human individual's life begins at conception definitions; a begin being biologically child conception egg embryo fetus  gamete  human individual life metamorphosisorganism sperm zygote-dictionary.com a begin being biologically child conception egg embryo fetus gamete human individual life metamorphosis organism sperm zygote-- free dictionary.com child  due process clause person --findlaw.com links logic a distinct human organism american college of pediatricians the human organism when does a human individual's life begin the physiology of aging human growth and aging wikipedia; life when does life begin? quotes; sperm; 'during fertilization, the nucleus of a sperm fuses with the nucleus of the much larger egg cell (the female reproductive cell) to form a new organism'.-the american heritageå¨ science dictionary barack hussein obama; 'we need fathers to recognize their responsibility doesn‰Ûªt just end at conception.' william jefferson clinton- 'if two cells join in the process that begins to make a human being, are they living? answer? no one disputes that. ' and 'when does the soul enter the body so that to terminate the living organism amounts to killing a person? that is the question.'