For obvious reasons we Christians have always been adamant supporters of civil liberties when it comes to freedom of religion. We have even managed to be consistent in this principle by not opposing the rights of Buddhists, New Agers, or even Satanists to meet, because we realize that to do so would equally undercut our own right to assemble. Perhaps the thought of undermining religious freedom sends through our minds flashes of those days when the Emperor Nero used to ignite Christians as human torches to light the streets of Rome at night. The persecutions against the early church have ingrained into our Christian consciousness the incredible value of living under a government that protects the interests of religion.But in the case of civil same-sex marriage, instead of recognizing the civil rights issue at stake here, we oppose the idea, quoting Bible verses and appealing to morals, nature, tradition, history, and the fear that Western civilization as we know it will come crashing to the ground. All of these arguments are related, of course. They are an appeal to that part of American society in which Judeo-Christian values are still deeply rooted. For even in America at the dawning of the 21st century, many people's understanding of morality and nature still reflect the vestiges of the Western Christendom of our heritage, as do their ideas of tradition, history and an ideal society.We do not, however, argue against civil same-sex marriage in the spirit of calm persuasion. There is desperation in our tone. There is also a great deal of fear and mean-spiritedness in our rhetoric, to the point where we even accuse homosexuals (without much proof, I might add) of being child molesters and sexual predators, and of seeking to corrupt our youth by recruiting them into their "lifestyle."There are probably many people who think they are justified in having such fears, but it seems to me it is more than just paranoia that feeds our frenzy. We feel deeply threatened, for we sense that we are losing the battle. Not simply the battle against homosexuals, but the battle to hang on to what we still think of as "Christian America."At one time in this country we could count on quoting a verse from Genesis or Leviticus before Congress or the Supreme Court and that would be the end of the debate. No more. The consensus of common biblical values on which we had once depended is giving way to the pluralism of a postmodern society. And seeing the disastrous handwriting on the wall, we have become politically desperate, and so we lunge at the enemies of Christendom with a ferocity that rivals that of even the most radical gay activists.