I heard just shortly after the official passage that the nutters at the ACLU were already poised to argue that the State Supreme Court reverse the decision for the exact opposite reason they argued to block Pro 22, geeez talk about get your arguments straight. It will get dismissed as frivolous just like last time... these big babies are suffering from "shallow hal" disorder... they somehow believe of the majority votes in their favor - then it is a mandate, but the minute it isn't in their favor... [well] they fall into a grand mal seizure. There must not be something "fair" in it as far as they are concerned - Fair has nothing to do with it, our laws don't exist for fairness sake... they exist for clarity.Let's not forget the most important over arching reality here... this is something that isn't even supposed to be up for discussion for legislative agenda. We have no business even talking this nonsense... gays are not some "class" that need to be protected. They are citizens engaging in a behavior that falls wildly short of the overall purview of not only the electorate as the existing status quo [regardless of political affiliation] but is nothing short of a deviant sexual proclivity, that... and our laws don't' exist to morally equivocate deviancy with that of the morally clear. It is a simple matter of constants vs. variables... our laws protect what you are [the constant] not who you become [the variable], what then do we say? do we create laws and burden our courts with personal subjectivity... or do we look to the objective as we have, and should continue to do so. These radical homosexual activists are literally insane to think people are simply going to let them walk all over the natural order of things in favor of a bio[illogical] behavior? The US Constitution does not guarantee the equality of feelings, nor does it behavior. People have to start clearing the closet... so to speak, and simply be down to earth and accept that not all your decisions are going to be popular ones, and homosexuality is one of them - and you certainly don't win fans by thinking you can leverage the guilt game on people even thinking you can draw comparisons between color [innate] and sexual preference [choice] as a basis for some perceived civil right, it is just plain and utter nonsense.