Anyone who suggests abortion is a dispute between the rights of a woman and a fetus is trying to mislead you or is negligent about the nature of abortion rights. This isn't a dispute between woman vrs fetus but instead an issue between a woman's right to abortion and the interests of a small yet powerful vocal minority who believe they can project their views upon the majority. Rights are not simply just passed out but are based upon interest‰Û_something the Supreme Court based their conclusion during Roe v Wade. In the many years that have supported abortion rights I have never found a single pro-lifer who could prove, outside their opinion and others, how a fetus has an interest in being born. Unfortunately for them, fetuses have never elected pro-lifers to speak their behalf of but instead vice-versa. The pro-life movement plays as a self-appointed representative towards fetuses despite a lack of evidence or substance as to why a fetus, at the moment of conception, has an interest in living. So the debate is just whittled down to two factions; those who believe that abortion is a right provide to women or that a minority can oppress their views upon others because it happens to offend their beliefs. Women have a right to abortion because, as a nation, we have an invested interest in keeping abortion legal for them. For nearly 70 years we know that the fruits of coercion childbirth do not payoff‰Û_they lead to the corruption of law enforcement, provide criminals another avenue of wealth, wreck death and mutilation upon desperate women, destroy the healthcare system and leave behind an underground abortion rate that is rarely addressed by those who support coercion childbirth in the first place. Fetuses are immune from having an self-interest in being born because they have never developed such feelings in the sheer majority of abortion ever performed. Their brains are often far too primitive to hold such emotions or even awareness. If the fetus is incapable of feeling outraged or offended by being aborted then what is the big deal? Considering abortion was more legal during the times of our founding fathers then today.